DCO 3: 


    Throughout the first 6 months of my tenure I was working remotely studying for the completion for four exams: CompTIA A+ (both 1001 and 1002), CompTIA Network+ and CompTIA Linux+. After passing these exams I was on-boarded to complete further on-the-job training
    Parsing logs to diagnose hardware failure - system event logs, dmesg.
    Leading smaller-scale projects to improve the welfare of local data-centre staff.
    Some of the technologies I was using: IPMI, Network Link Troubleshooting, Network Troubleshooting, Hardware, BMC, PXE
    Handle emergency situations: Respond to and manage emergency situations, such as power outages or equipment failures, and ensure that systems are brought back online as quickly as possible.
    Throughout my time as DCO level three, I returned a significant amount of un-sellable capacity to production to be used by our customers, I was one of the leading technicians in this regard.


DCO 4: 

    In December 2022 I was promoted to DCO level 4, at this stage I was still heavily involved in the day-to-day operations of our data centres however I was a lot more involved in the mentorship of newer technicians.
    I wrote technical documentation to help newer technicians with break/fix issues, a particular document I wrote was implemented globally and is in use today by Amazon data centre technicians around the world.
    I completely re-designed the on-boarding experience for newer technicians, including a more updated specification of what technicians are expected to know.
    I lead larger scale projects including the build out of network infrastructure for our newer data centres. I worked heavily with different stakeholders throughout the projects and gained a lot of good relationships along the way.
    During my time as DCO level 4 I achieved my CCNA as well as other AWS cloud computing certifications. I was also building upon my development skills in the mean time - introducing myself to Python and databases such as MongoDB and SQL.
    I maintained and developed scripts to improve the operational efficiency of staff. One example being a powershell script to automate the creation of tickets that would pull data from an Amazon backend. This enabled a 125% boost in time efficiency.


DCO Team Lead :


    In January 2023, I was chosen to take over the role as a Team Lead to lead a team of around 12 technicians on my shift. A lot of my day is spent dealing with technical escalations as well as general mentorship for technicians on my shift.
    I host daily standup calls to go over any blockers the team has, including setting the priorities for the team.
    I honed in further on my development skills; learning about Javascript frameworks such as React, ExpressJS as well as backends like NodeJS which led to the creation of this resume website I built entirely in my spare time.
    I developed Streamline; a Python web application built entirely in Python, based on the web-framework Streamlit, hosted entirely on AWS. It's purpose was very broad, however I built it with a goal in mind of creating a better UI for our already made scripts - the scripts we had were useful, but interacting with the scripts via CLI did not provide a good user experience as well as version control for locally downloaded scripts being non-existent. So I centralized everything into one application.
